feat: sync from v8.26.0 to v8.30.0 (#91)
eslint/zh-hans.docs.eslint.org: src/developer-guide/package-json-conventions.md

If a package contains any `build:*` scripts, there MAY be a script named `build`. If so, SHOULD produce the same output as running each of the `build` scripts individually. It MUST produce a subset of the output from running those scripts.

### Release

> Scripts that have public side effects (publishing the web site, committing to Git, etc.) MUST begin with `release`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scripts that have public side effects (publishing the website, committing to Git, etc.) It MUST begin with `release`.
```
